---

title: 'Weeknotes #8'
excerpt: ''
date: 2020-01-18 00:00:00 +00:00
categories:
- Weeknotes
tags: []

---
# Weeknotes #8

As I expected I fell off the bandwagon of writing my weeknotes. I'm thinking I need to take a simpler approach similar to Mark Boulton and bullet point the key takeaways from the week.

* It was my first week back at Zengenti, not including those first few days of the new year. I was looking forward to getting my head into a familiar routine.
* Had a great week at Bluestone last week ending on the beach in Tenby. Really enjoyed switching off.
* Spent a fair amount of time discussing process between the design and UI development team, as we focus on a new design system for Contensis.
* Accessibility of our forms module came up in conversation and how we plan to address a few rendering scenarios. It's stood the test of time well. We've got some options for the future.
* Spent some time using Voice Over and getting more familiar with it.
* Dug into Storybook for documenting our components and how we could bring richer documentation together covering design, accessibility, behaviour and code.
* Had various conversations about UI behaviour in a bunch of scenarios. I want to be careful this year on balancing genuine bugs against edge case scenarios.
* Wrote a blog post on our recent search changes to go out with the next release.
* Continued to watch what I eat this week, it's been good to see the progress but I also know how easy it is to get back into bad habits, a biscuit here, and a biscuit there.
* Been enjoying longer walks with Esra, nearly hitting the 10,000 step mark before I start work which has given me time to listen to [BiOY](https://www.bibleinoneyear.org/), the [Fish and Scripts](https://fishandscripts.com/) podcast as well as some episodes of [JAMstack Radio](https://www.heavybit.com/library/podcasts/jamstack-radio/).
* Managed to get another run in this week, its hard getting back into something that I used to have no problem doing.
* Celebrated Heaths 40th, with a group of friends from church over breakfast.
* Rotated the log store, the front cord has taken a beating from the weather, so managed to re stack, split a few larger pieces and got things tidied up. I love splitting stacking and sorting wood. Something about being outside, listening to the maul hitting a block and stacking the cords like Tetris.
* Changed an inner tube of E's balance bike. Its funny how the smell of the rubber brings back memories from when I was in my early teens, thats the last time I'd changed one.