---
date:  2019-12-25T22:36:58Z
syndicate: false
location: ""
geolocation: 
  latitude: ""
  longitude: ""
---
This year we spent time with Joys family for Christmas. We’ve been battling with Chicken Pox for the last few days. Thankfully Christmas morning saw a little bit of a reprieve for our eldest.

We spent the morning at home opening stockings on our bed, before heading to Cardiff for Christmas lunch.

Ruth could t join us with an upset stomach and my throat felt pretty sore. It’s pretty common for me to come down with something before I finish for the holidays and this year was no exception. 

The day was a fairly relaxed affair, Joys mum put together a great spread with plenty to keep us going. We had a short break before pudding, time for the kids to let off some steam on the field, Esra to stretch his legs and E and M a chance to play in the park. 

We got back in time to hear the Queens speech whilst E and I sat down to our first instalment of Lego. I really love those moments with her. 

We managed some Christmas pudding and profiteroles before clearing up and heading to Joys brothers. 

The evening continued with another family tradition of Christmas tree presents, the spoon game and more buffet food to stretch the belly further. 

The nephews were a little dismayed to plug in their new Xbox only to have to wait for a 61gb download! 

It was a great day, although by the time we got home we were all ready for bed. Christmas is certainly exhausting with two kids, it’s going to be a difficult ball game next year with three. 


